---
title: kloudtrader's Alert System
author: 
authorURL: 
authorFBID: 
---
## Intro
We built [kloudtrader](https://docs.kloudtrader.com) so that anyone wether a professional algorithmic trader or beginner can rapidly prototype their strategyies in python(support for more langauges coming soon) and deploy on Narwhal. No matter how complex your model/algorithm/strategy is, it can easily be made trading ready using kloudtrader. kloudtrader library, being an open-source initiative is always looking for your contributions and feedback which shall help us in serving the quant and algo trading communtiy in a much better and needed way.
In this post, I am going to talk about how to approach a strategy with kloudtrader and how you can leverage the alert_me feature kloudtrader provides. I will start with talking a little about algorithmic trading, kloutrader's [alert_me](https://docs.kloudtrader.com/docs/alert_api) follwed my a mean-reversion strategy written in python. 
## Algoirthmic Trading
For those of who are new to trading but even have the slightest of programming knowledge can easily understand that programming is the key to automation. Over the years, humans' majority of brains has gone into thinking:- "Hmm... How can we automate this?". And since the dawn of classical computing, humans have been able to automate a large number of things and that number is now rapidly growing than ever. Programming doesn't only provide automation capabilites but also allows us to perform multiple calculations and computaions at the same time which are almost impossible for any human to perform in such small time (generally pertaining to seconds). This is why algorithmic Trading has been growing so exponentially lately. For those who are new to trading, Algorithmic Trading or Algo Trading is a method of automating your trading decisions based on basic if-else rules, technical/stock analysis or complex mathematical models. These set of rules that define your trading strategy are collectively known as an <b>algorithm</b>. There are several mathematical models and technical indicators  that one can use to make decisions based on Math and quantitative analysis instead of human emotion and [python has been really popular on the wall street lately](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-06-14/citi-wants-analysts-to-add-python-to-list-of-languages-on-resume) . kloudtrader provides and is continuosly trying to provide more and more things needed for algorithmic trading in one single package and most importantly, using these APIs is extremely easy. E.g buying 5 shares of apple is ridiculously easy: 
```python 
buy('AAPL',5) #where AAPL is the symbol of Apple Inc. and 5 is the quanity of shares you want to buy.
```
## Leveraging kloudtrader's Alert system to get alerts when you really want them!
Now moving on to kloudtrader's Alert System. The alert_me module of kloudtrader was a sheer epiphany. Automation as we know is really advantageous but you wouldn't mind knowing what's happening with your trading strategy, would you? This is where alert_me sweeps in. With, alert_me API calls you can customize <b>what you get notified about, when you get notified and where you get notified. </b>
<div style="align:center" ><iframe  src="https://giphy.com/embed/DyAX4OUDFz4uk" width="480" height="258" frameBorder="0" class="giphy-embed" allowFullScreen></iframe><p><a href="https://giphy.com/gifs/shawshank-redemption-DyAX4OUDFz4uk">via GIPHY</a></p> 
</div>
kloudtrader.alert_me provides there API calls 
<br>
<script src="//platform.linkedin.com/in.js" type="text/javascript"> lang: en_US</script>
<script type="IN/Share"></script>
<a href="https://twitter.com/share?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw" class="twitter-share-button" data-show-count="false">Tweet</a><script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<a href="https://twitter.com/kloud_trader?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="false">Follow @kloud_trader</a><script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
